chore(website): 0.49.0 release - address docs review (#23581)
vectordotdev/vector: website/content/en/highlights/2025-08-12-0-49-0-upgrade-guide.md

#### Previous Behavior: Runtime Error

> If an input for `parse_cef` includes spaces (` `), the line cannot be parsed correctly and results in a runtime error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an input for `parse_cef` included spaces (` `), the line could be parsed correctly and resulted in a runtime error.
```

I know we already got feedback from docs on this but I feel like this should be in the past since it represents "Previous Behavior", just like in the previous block
